I noticed that the encrypted text is divided into two blocks, which seem to have been manipulated using two different approaches.

Starting with the first block:
1) The characters used resemble Morse code.
2) I create a mapping between each character and its corresponding Morse code value.
3) After decoding each character, I obtain a message encouraging me to continue decrypting.
4) I have completed the first step.

Proceeding with the second block:
1) I check the length of the text.
2) The length is a multiple of 4, so I can assume this is base64 encoding.
3) The alphabet used also matches.
4) After decoding the text, I obtain three more blocks, which appear to have been encrypted using three different approaches.

Starting with the first sub-block:
1) This is a substitution cipher, so the technique I can apply is cryptanalysis.
2) I calculate the frequency of each character in the encrypted text.
3) The obtained values can be compared to the frequency of characters in the English language. 
4) This way, every time I perform a substitution to recover the plaintext message, I can check that the frequency between the two characters is not too far apart.
5) Another strategy I can apply is calculating the frequency of character sequences in the encrypted text.
6) This allows me to identify correlations with common terms in the English language. 7) For example, a sequence like X'Y in the encrypted text could refer to I'M in the plaintext. Similarly, a sequence like XYZ that appears 15 times could correspond to the word THE.
8) With each substitution, I update this list to aid in identifying known terms and keep track of how many characters still need to be substituted.
9) The resulting text mentions some coordinates.
10) Therefore, I continue decrypting until I find the values for latitude and longitude.

Moving on to the second sub-block:
1) This is URL encoding. For instance, the sequence %20 encodes a space.
2) I decode the message using an appropriate library.
3) In the plaintext message, the coordinates previously mentioned appear. 

Coordinates: 45.41130017965508, 11.887730729281115.

1) Additionally, there is a sequence that seems to be in the format spritz{}.
2) Since it only contains numbers, I can assume that a substitution cipher was used, mapping each character to a number (a=1, b=2, etc.).
3) I replace each character with its corresponding numeric value, ranging from 1 to 26, leaving special characters unchanged.
4) The result is as follows:

Flag: spritz{the plank’s constant is the key}

Finishing with the last sub-block:
1) This is hexadecimal encoding.
2) I split the string into blocks of two characters and convert from hexadecimal to ASCII.
3) In the decoded message, I notice the following reversed web address:

A9lexwjAYZY=vhctaw/moc.ebutuoy.www//:sptth.

1) My hypothesis is that the string has been reversed.
2) After reversing the string, I obtain a message confirming the completion of the challenge.

 